hi guys Happy New Year and welcome back
to the small ethics channel so today I
have a video that you guys have
requested from me I don't know why you
guys want me to make this video because
I'm not vegan but I'm going to help my
fellow vegans anyone who follows a small
channel or it's in this politics
community short girl game community and
is vegan and is trying to get their
protein up this video is for you if you
guys have seen my free guide for petits
it's called some small but powerful to
my fat loss guide it's totally free you
can download it below by the way one of
the biggest things in my free guide and
in the small etics method and framework
is increasing your protein as a petite
this is super super important because
it's all about our metabolic health when
it comes to being petite we have slower
metabolisms a little bit's just
naturally by being really efficient
small smaller bodies in terms of height
and height in metabolism are correlated
so the entire framework that i teach is
about taking a metabolic approach to
your fitness and your health rather than
a calorie approach counting calories
cutting calories dieting cetera the way
that I teach my clients how to get lean
without cutting calories is by
emphasizing a metabolic approach and
speeding up the metabolism and one of
the key ways that we do this is by
making sure that we build muscle and the
way that we build muscle is we eat
enough protein so you can see it kind of
takes like a few steps to get there but
protein is really really important for
naturally boosting your metabolism as a
petite woman and we have figure out how
to get the protein up so we can
naturally build our metabolisms and
start to burn fat even in our sleep so
given that being a vegan or vegetarian
you're generally eating fewer calories
because you're not eating animal
products which tend to be higher in
calories it's really important to take a
look at your nutrition as a vegan or a
vegetarian and do a little bit of
planning to first of all figure out
where you're currently at with your
protein and second of all how you can
increase it if you determine that you
need to increase it so step one is keep
a food journal
I use my Fitness Pal and just loosely
track for a few days
and see how much protein you're eating
on average per day in general a sort of
aggressive approach to going to her body
recomposition so losing fat gaining
muscle is to eat about one gram of
protein per pound of bodyweight
registered dietitians would recommend
slightly lower than that because the
general population doesn't need that
much protein however athletes need that
much protein if you're going to be
strength training working out in the gym
and you want to build muscle you should
increase your protein intake and of
course always consult with your doctor
or make sure it's a P that your health
is going to be okay with eating a higher
protein diet so step two once you
determine how much protein you're eating
in a day now you know if you need to
increase it that it's time to do a
little bit of planning to figure out
where you can start to increase your
protein in your day so I have a bunch of
notes and in this video I'm going to
show you all of the foods and
ingredients that I give my clients I
tell my clients they can start
incorporating if they are vegan and
trying to get their protein up and then
after we're gonna talk about foods to
avoid as a vegan and then we're also
going to get into some considerations so
we're gonna talk about veganism being a
slightly high-fiber diet it can be
higher fiber we'll talk about what that
means and how to sort of a mitigate the
unwanted effects of too high of fiber in
your diet and we're also going to talk
about nutritional deficiencies as a
vegan and how you can avoid having them
and I will just say I'm not vegan as you
guys probably know I eat animal products
I do however really encourage people to
eat more plant-based diets I try to eat
plant-based foods throughout my day at
every meal I try to get enough
vegetables fruits and in general just
for sustainability and for health it's
always good to add in a plant-based diet
or even substitute an animal-based one
with plant-based when you can I'm a full
proponent of that however I've never had
any trouble with animal products in
terms of digesting I enjoy them and I
eat
in I guess you would say moderation but
they are in my diet so just disclaimer I
am NOT a proponent of veganism I do not
teach it but I support my clients who
come into my programs who already have
vegan diets or vegetarian diets so
whatever wherever you are with your food
we can figure out how to get you where
you want to go so without further ado
let's get into the ingredients all of
the lists of foods and items that are
higher protein for vegans that are
really gonna help you get your protein
okay so this is in no particular order
and there's a lot so you might even want
to take out a pen and paper and write
these down as we're going so first up
there's beans and legumes these are a
great food because they're high in
protein and they're also high in fiber
and that also means of course they are a
carbohydrate and a protein so when
you're eating this as your source of
protein remember there's carbs in it as
well so you may not need to pack in
other lots of other carbs in your meal
right you probably don't need a lot of
extra breads or anything if you're
already getting your carbs from the
beans now the beans alone probably won't
have as much protein as you need in a
meal but they can help supplement when
you combine it with other ingredients
that we're gonna go over today but the
beans alone they can really help bulk up
your your meals also go through the
fiber and really help you get the
protein up and by the way in case you
don't know what fiber is it's kind of
confusing fiber is a kind of it's a kind
of carbohydrate a type of carb that we
don't metabolize so it does count in
that it goes through our digestive
system but we're not metabolizing it as
we would for normal calories and other
regular carbohydrates so it's kind of
like free calories although I don't want
you to think about it as that because
there's no such thing but it will kind
of bulk up your poo it helps you be
regular with bowel movements and it's
just it's really important to have fiber
because it helps you stay full okay next
up quinoa and amaranth these are two
sort of pseudo grains that have all of
the amino acids nine essential amino
acids you need for it to be a complete
protein so they're known as complete
proteins there for that reason a great
way to add protein into your meal I also
reached out to my vegan clients and ask
them for their tips as they were
through my program and they give me some
awesome one this one this one is from
Kelly she said one cup of quinoa has
nine grams of protein pretty solid
combine that with lentils and you're
looking at just shy of 30 grams of
protein per meal and that's exactly what
we hit a lot of times us the teats are
in sort of the same calorie range in
terms of macronutrients it does differ
from person to person and it can differ
substantially but generally the protein
we're trying to hit you know 30 grams of
protein per meal is gonna be a really
really solid goal for you
next up sweet products so this would be
tofu tempeh edamame soy milk and sweet
protein powders now we don't want to
overdo it with the soy products because
there is some research that there are
certain chemicals such as an estrogen
like a compound in soy products that can
mess with your thyroid or just affect
sort of your hormones I'm not going to
really speak it on this at length but if
you want to enjoy it just eat it in
moderation and that kind of goes for
everything right just enjoy what you
enjoy it in moderation and make sure you
also are getting lots of other
nutrient-dense foods around it so as I
begin you can also go for calcium
fortified milks and yogurts these will
help you get not only enough you know
calcium as a vegan but also vitamin D
which a lot of us are deficient in
because we're not in the Sun it's
specifically vitamin d3 and there's
usually some protein and then they can
be sort of fortified with pea protein or
some other may be soy protein you have
to the ingredients will always be on the
back you can look but they're usually
fortified with some protein as well next
up spirulina this is this blue-green
algae that is you've probably heard I
was like this superfood
it's packed packed packed packed with
nutrients and minerals and it actually
is a high source of protein as well so
check out spirulina next up we have seed
so hemp flax sunflower and chia seeds
these contain protein but they also
really healthy source of fat so-called
omega-3s and we need these we typically
get it from salmon and seas like this
really really important to maintain your
health
Kelly the vegan who I reached out to one
of my clients she said she loves to add
this little you know seeds her salads
gives it a little bit of a crunch and
another hack and a recipe I have inside
the boutique power program is it chia
pudding - pudding awesome is chia seeds
and almond milk and it's this chia seeds
will soak up and absorb the almond milk
and give you this delicious filling high
protein high fat breakfast next up we
have the sprouted grain breads so this
could be a zekiel bread I believe dance
killer bread would fit into this
category these tend to have a lot of
protein and fiber on them as well so if
you're looking to eat carbs that have
protein in them as well just because
every little gram counts when you're
vegan and it adds up this is also really
good too there's also oats they do have
a little bit of protein in them even
though they are predominantly a carb and
then next up we have nut butters and in
general nuts and nut butters are a
source of fats
however they are going to have some
protein in them so it can be a good way
to sneak your protein in and also get
your healthy fats so then there's also
nutritional yeast which I know a lot of
my vegan clintons love adding a sort of
a topping or seasoning to their foods
while it is just as seasoning and not
really a main course meal it does have
some protein in it which can really help
like I said when you're vegan every
little bit is gonna help it stack up to
getting 30 grams per meal and
nutritional yeast has vitamin b12 which
is really important you might not be
getting that from animal products since
you're not eating animal products as in
vegan so be vitamin b12 found in
nutrition Elysee is also great Kelly had
a really good tip she said in terms of
her vegetables she tries to choose
really high protein vegetables because
every little
counts right she says her mushrooms
green beans asparagus and spinach of
course have higher protein content it is
a very small amount but like I'm saying
over and over again when you start to
just lean towards the higher protein
foods you'll be surprised how fast it it
adds up if you just do a little bit of
planning and then lastly on this list is
protein supplements I have not found a
vegan yet who's been able to really hit
their protein goal without some kind of
supplement and this is just a protein
powder so something that's delicious
that you can add to your shake Kelly my
appliance she says she likes garden of
life vegan protein powders these are
probably and fortified with key protein
and you can just add it to your shakes
you can add it to old meal you can add
it to almond milk really you can mat it
to chia pudding you can add to so many
things and it's really just gonna help
you get that extra protein in that
you're probably gonna need at the end of
the day okay so let's talk about vegan
foods to avoid the number one thing to
try to stay away from is vegan junk food
and there's so many new products out
popping up in the market that are you
know stay healthy on them they say they
have crazy things on foods now there's
nothing that that is deemed healthy by
FDA standards right if they put that on
their packaging it's just advertisement
in general there's lots of new like
vegan ice creams and candies and a lot
of them actually say like high protein
on them when they're not natural sources
of protein their protein fortified foods
we're looking at things like vegan
protein bars which can be packed with
sugar and other processed foods in there
that you don't want you just don't need
the extra refined sugars it's better to
get all of your protein from
nutrient-dense single ingredient foods
rather than foods that have tons of
ingredients on the back in general vegan
junk food is becoming its own market
when you think about actually the next
one on this list which is mock meats and
cheeses there's beyond me there's all of
these new inventive what am I trying to
say they're very creative very inventive
very cutting edge new products but
they're not real foods they're very
highly processed and they're really just
there as an option for vegans
because they can't have the real thing
but ultimately it's not a good
alternative to go for the V on me it's
regularly yes have it in moderation if
you start having these processed foods
every day just because they're vegan
doesn't mean they're healthy right there
still process there's still a lot of
chemicals and preservatives and things
that go into making these foods the
other reason why these foods aren't
shouldn't be your top choice is they
have lots of additives in them and they
tend to be lower in nutrients and the
lower your the lower amount of nutrients
that are in your food the slower your
metabolism is going to be there's a
really direct correlation between people
who eat nutrient-dense foods and faster
metabolisms and people who eat low
nutrient density foods and have slower
metabolisms so that's just one other
reason try not to lean too much on the
vegan junk food okay so we're almost in
the homestretch here the considerations
that I'm bringing up these are just a
few and it's not comprehensive but the
the two ones that I want to bring up are
high fiber so when you eat eat a vegan
or vegetarian diet you can end up having
a really high fiber diet like eating 60
grams or more per day and remember women
should have 25 to 30 grams per day and
was women don't get that but when you're
eating vegan and vegetarian they're
eating so many fruits and vegetables
that the fiber just stacks up and this
is really good except if you start to
have bloating excessive ghasts by just
digestion digestion problems and if
you're experiencing these could because
your fiber intake is quite high and
again you can look back on your food
journal and MyFitnessPal show you how
much fiber you are having in a day and
just see if this is really the problem
before you try to treat it make sure you
can sort of figure out is this really
could this be something and of course
always speak with your doctor about it
so the best thing for that you can do to
help process all this fiber is just to
drink enough water when we don't drink
enough water and we have a high fiber
diet it can you can really slow down the
digestion because like I said fibre
Volks up your poo so it's just gonna
kind of slow everything down so make
sure you're drinking enough water really
wash everything out and what is
enough generally three liters a day for
a petite woman would be really really
really solid I would recommend buying a
litre water bottle I don't have mine in
front of me it's over there but a full
litre water bottle and just trying to
have two to three of those per day would
be really solid place to start so when
I'm working with my vegan clients I'm
also very conscientious of the fact that
there are nutrients they might not be
getting in their diet for vegans the
biggest one are probably calcium omega
threes iron zinc vitamin b12 and vitamin
D so I talked about a little bit of
these in the food sources I brought up
but you might I'm not sure you should
honestly ask your doctor you might need
to take a vegan multivitamin to help get
those nutrients that I just mentioned in
general I always recommend to all my
clients whether they're vegan or not to
go to their doctor and get a full blood
panel every year to check on their
nutrient deficiencies vitamin
deficiencies and you'll find out in
those blood results if you are in fact
vitamin d3 deficient or vitamin b12
deficient especially for vegans I would
even encourage us even more so that you
can look at your diet and figure out
what foods you need to supplement and
add in to make sure you're getting all
the nutrients you can to have a fast
metabolism and you just feel good and
you're just healthy general so you guys
I hope that you really enjoyed this
video I hope it was educational and you
got something from it like I said it
doesn't matter what your diet is or what
your dietary restrictions are I should
say the method I teach works for
everyone no matter what because it's a
macronutrient approach and it's
intuitive eating its it can be a lot of
different things it's really really more
just about the education and taking the
metabolic approach a no calorie counting
approach which by the way I want to let
you know I now have a free video
training for you guys it's available for
only a few days so if you want to watch
it it's all about calorie counting oz
petite women and how to avoid that how
to get away from that if you've ever
gone on the gone on Google and searched
calorie calculator and as a petite woman
found out that you should be eating less
than 1400 or 1200 calories to lose
weight than this video you are going to
love it has so much information that is
so powerful and you'll walk away from
that video with a lot you can implement
immediately to start losing fat
gaining muscle as a petite woman and
just feeling good and confident in your
body so you can check that out in the
link description below it's just
available for a few days and then the
replay will be taken down but I think
you're going to love it and then last
one else that I have is the smolitics
famous petite power program it's the
original program for petite women its
12-week program I have a registered
dietitian now Danielle she's amazing it
is now open for enrollment we are
accepting clients for a few days if you
have any interest at all in joining I
would highly encourage you to check out
the link below and just read a little
bit about it explore if it feels right
for you and if you have any questions
you can always DM me on Instagram or ask
me below happy to chat with you this is
going to be the biggest class we've had
ever January 2020 I'm so excited already
over 100 women have graduated from this
program and our alumni is in the
community walking around the fast
metabolisms and just feeling really
confident and strong and powerful other
boutique bodies so I would love to
invite you to explore if this would be
right for you and feel free to reach out
to me if you have any questions at all
right you guys please give this video a
like if you learned anything new or it
helped you in any way vegan or not and
subscribe for more content tailored to
petite women Happy New Year and I will
see you guys next week
[Music]